One night, coming home from the mountains in a cool, wet winter, I casually
mentioned to Susan that "next month will probably be warm, because
we'll regress to the mean". She disagreed, and so I did an analysis like this 
one. I'll let you figure out who was more correct.

These are data from SeaTac Airport from 1948-present [1]. The data were originally
in CSV format (I've appended it, and the unix script I used to parse it, in case
you're curious). I've tab-delimited the relevant columns and provided an import
Octave script to get things started.

Questions:

1. How much does the temperature (relative to average) in a given month 
correlate with the temperature (relative to average) in the following month?

The temperature correlations seem pretty strong, the slope of the line fit through
the data is steep and the error bars do not cross the axis, so there is a positive
correlation between months in relation to temperature.
 
3 months out? 

About the same, but the precipitation fit slope went to zero, and the slopes for
the other fits seemed to do the same, suggesting that the correlation declines
as the difference increases.

6 months out? 

Exacerbates the 3 month, the slopes of each fit get progressively smaller, however
the low temperatures seem to keep higher correlation.

A year out?  

I approximated with 11 months so as not to have to rewrite all my code (laziness)
But the correlation became anti-correlation, however there are fewer data points
so I think this is random from the small amount of data. This shows that the correlation
loses steam as the month difference gets larger. 

Quantify the uncertainties.

2. How much does the precipitation (relative to average) in a given month 
correlate with the precipitation (relative to average) in the following month?
3 months out? 6 months out? A year out?  Quantify the uncertainties.

All of the fits had large uncertainties that crossed the x axis for the precipitation;
I would say that the correlation doesn't exist or is random because the data
is randomly dispersed.


[1] NOAA Climate Data Online request 1000478, 2017-06-22 GHCND:USW00024233
	Precip, TMax, TMin
